welcome to the man of recaps this is the
mandalorian season two episode six
we start with mando and baby ota hanging
out in space he's calling him by his
name now grosgu and baby oda loves it
okay i'll call him grogu they make it to
the planet with the ancient jedi stone
circle if you put grogu on there he's
supposed to be able to long distance
call to other jedi grogu's not really
sure how to turn it on though and just
then a ship shows up so it's like come
on we gotta go but
oh he activated it surrounded by a force
field now so amanda's gotta protect him
but if you're a big star wars fan you
recognize that ship
it belongs to the boba fett yes he
followed him here and if you weren't
sure this was boba fett he literally
says what's up my name's boba fett he's
like mando i'm here for my arma but you
know armando if you ain't officially
mandalorian he'd rather die than hand
over any mess car boba fett's brought a
friend with him though it's the elite
assassin mando fought on tatooine last
season yes she was shots and left for
dead but we saw someone rescue her at
the end of that episode turns out it was
boba fett her name's fennic shannon by
the way and
she was shot in the stomach but now
she's got like robot stomach cool
just then though another ship's flying
in mando's like yo baby yoda we gotta go
but oh
can't get through that force field and
indeed this new ship is full of
stormtroopers so it's an epic shootout
as they're defending the cliff now boba
fett's been carrying this weird looking
stick is that even a practical weapon
oh smack yeah he goes on our rampage
with this thing yeah stormtrooper armor
is designed to deflect laser blasts
this thing breaks it right apart then
after taking out a bunch of
stormtroopers with nothing but his
bathrobe and a stick he sees his armor
fenix and is a badass too kicks this
rock down to take out the gatling gun
then
oh the feet away shot sweet she's way
outnumbered though things look bleak
till mando shows up with his whistling
birds
wow yes these two make an awesome
pairing
taking out stormtroopers they're still
way outnumbered though so things look
bleak but then what's this
boom it's boba fett back with his armor
oh my god kicking more ass than we could
have imagined
super sweet live action it's kind of a
writing star wars joke that in the
original trilogy he looked super badass
but never did anything except for the
one fight where he immediately gets
knocked into the sarlacc pit but he has
fully redeemed himself here boba fett
confirmed badass with one rockets takes
out both stormtrooper ships alright but
wait what's this a big laser from space
and no the razer crest completely
demolished
mando just had that thing repaired it's
like when you get a car wash and it
rains the next day
the big laser came from moff gideon's
big old ship hanging out in low orbit
he's like send it down the dark troopers
yes confirmed that's what those things
were seems like they're super hardcore
elite forces droids with jetpack feats
so they go on right down there surround
baby yoda he just finished his long
distance call so it's all tuckered out
mando's racing up there to get him but
he's too late these dark troopers kidnap
baby
yoda so amanda's digging through the
remains of his ship it is
unsalvageable he finds the little stick
shift knob that baby yoda loved
oh so sad he also finds though his sweet
ass baskar steel spear and it's like
yo i'm gonna hunt them down and get my
baby yoda back boba fett and fennick are
like yo bro so i assume you need a ride
boba fett by the way does the sci-fi
equivalent of showing mando the tag on
the shirt that has got his name written
on it in sharpie it's always been
questionable in star wars lore whether
boba and jango fett were really
mandalorians it depends what source you
consider canon but this shows canon for
sure and it's like yeah my father jango
was a foundling just like you he fought
in the mandalorian civil war so
we're full on mandos so amanda's got two
new friends now somehow even cooler than
carl weathers and cara dune in fact
amanda goes to see them turns out carrot
dune did accept the sheriff's badge
she's officially working for the new
republic now mano's like good cause i
need you to abuse that power and help me
break someone out of prison
it is bill burr character named mig
mayfield the sharpshooter that mando did
that prison break episode with cara
dune's like yo i'm an official cop now i
can't just help you break people out of
prison but when he tells her they took
baby yoda it's like oh i'm in so now in
space it's moth gideon really dressing
the part like darth vader in his cell
baby yoda's tossing these stormtroopers
around
oh man force choking um yeah baby yoda
going to the dark side yeah he's real
strong in the force but after tossing
these guys around he's all tuckered out
buff gideon taunts him a bit and whips
out the darksaber
oh that thing is so cool it's like let
the doctor know we've got our donor back
yeah you know he wants those horsepowers
for himself so they put baby yoda in the
cutest tiny little shackles
and that's where the episode comes to an
end if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member